# CS-439-Final-Project

-Goal For This Game: I wanted to make a simple, kids game that I could show to my little sister when I go home for break after finals, so I decided on just a simple color quiz, but I wanted to make it in pygame without using any engines to help. I realized that in my time in game design, I'd never thought about designing a game meant for kids, so this was an interesting experience.

-How is it Working: It works decently well. I have it where you if you click the right shape, it'll tell you you're correct and take you to the next question. If you're wrong, it'll tell you and keep you there until you click the right shape. There are 3 simple questions, then after you get them all right, it says you won and you can exit the game. 

-Problems/Where I Got Stuck: There is one small problem with it currently. If you just click the correct shape once, it works as intended. Although, I couldn't figure out a way to stop the user from clicking the shape over and over while the surface changes, so the user can actually interact with the next surface before it's officially on their screen, and it isn't game-breaking, but it's annoying and a little messy. I tried to combat this with the "acceptClicks" variable, but this didn't fix the problem.

-How it Works: The main way this game/quiz works is by switching between different surfaces and blitting different surfaces to the screen. I have a Surface class to create as many surfaces I need. I could expand this past just 3 questions pretty easily. Every surface has the question text at the top, 2 different colored shapes (one rectangle and one circle). In the main game loop, I check if the mouse button was pushed down and get the coordinates of where the user clicked. If it was within one of the shapes on the surface, then I show the correct/wrong text response based on if that shape was the corect answer to the question. If it was the wrong shape, nothing happens past this text being displayed, and the user can still pick the correct shape. If the correct shape is picked, then the surface will be changed to the next surface/question. After 3 questions, the fourth surface is shown which is just to tell the user that this is the end, and they can exit now.

-Build Instructions: You just need to make sure you have installed pygame, like you would for any of our other projects in pygame. Then download the finalProject.py file from github and open it in somewhere you're able to run pygame code.
